Hello, let's all say a prayer with
training for what he is but he 's a few pounds
for us for us here we have 400
grams of flour am entered here me
puts it immersed in water leaves the
hydrate for three hours after
three hours to squeeze with these
symptoms it all water that is moist
have not been shocked and here I am going to put 400
grams of ground meat
our big ball chopped into cubes
small 2 cloves garlic chives
salt parsley to taste
on Sunday
the promoter everything so the bpn will have
no one's a little bit the size you
moment you want
Let's open it.
we put some cheese and we closed
Let's squeeze again by pressing
generating
very well you have
our famous here you can affect
fry it with the roast
in the oven or you prefer but started to
flirting remembers again doing the
very hot temperature in the kitchen
It could get much better out.
not too happy it is not soggy
that's it, it's alive to the heart